sue she herself including because she
to be able to
more by smokes for the next season and
European to give
my chances are great hit
birth and here is 3g homeland he already
free kick it was a blow another blow
and joe
you are welcome
for her
27 build two blows he inflicted general
rivals gave him two chances to break through
goalkeeper first time managed
there was a blow like this 1 2 1
1 I think it will be a little easier now
in terms of what plan what
soak up the bill and maybe mondas
roll out amides server good
cast riccardo pawnshop for 65 minutes
and killing tomatoes
painfully involuntarily became his santa gone
high wall long penalty general then
Again, penetrating inside pass
who is generally confused
defense wanderson seems to me all the same
I tried to solve this moment myself
the defender intervened in the fight ball 70
Czechs in my Sparta beat
it was the Champions League of their rivals
yes it was wild champions and this is lily of the valley
one-on-one
I honestly have details crying
the transfer of transmission gave to be honest
too staring at my ahmedov
that's who I wanted to say to us that exchanges
about their nature on by the advice of the world
fathers freedoms and the first person in history
about standards two swords arrows with
your flag passed ce breaking wall
his leader money for her fellow is granted
fought for the ball someone else's punishment won
Eva and had our wrong more
exactly hangar.
Well, I think that it does not weigh anything I think
what will score
no chance and we were on this
Powerfully strong under the crossbar
third ball franc in two macho
standoff
but the rules violated number 17 tennis hoe
i saw it was the leagues of europe meet
Krasnodar and forces and caliph 40 Krasnodar
leads and 80 scores following two meetings with
This is his orchestras made active
Active very happy I took I smoke for him
very happy he shot himself go ahead
and long here are the skills of the attacker
of course of course this is a very big plus
for the defender when he knows how to be in
penalty and not only submit
good finish